Carcinoid tumor of the common bile duct a rare complication of von hippel lindau syndrome.
Establishment and characterization of a new cell line derived from human colorectal laterally spreading tumor.
In vivo anti tumor effect of hybrid vaccine of dendritic cells and esophageal carcinoma cells on esophageal carcinoma cell line 109 in mice with severe combined immune deficiency.
Modeling intra tumor protein expression heterogeneity in tissue microarray experiments.
Caveolin 1 a tumor promoting role in human cancer.
Interleukin 6 and the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal activation in a tumor bearing mouse.
Metinel node the first lymph node draining a metastasis contains tumor reactive lymphocytes.
Dendritic cell based genetic immunization stimulates potent tumor protection dependent on cd8 ctl cells in the absence of autoimmunity.
Tumor producing fibroblast growth factor 23 localized by two staged venous sampling.
Quantitative analysis of somatostatin receptor subtypes 1 5 gene expression levels in somatotropinomas and correlation to in vivo hormonal and tumor volume responses to treatment with octreotide lar.
Benign triton tumor of the tongue.
Nf kappab downregulation may be involved the depression of tumor cell proliferation mediated by human mesenchymal stem cells.
Establishment and characteristics of two syngeneic human osteosarcoma cell lines from primary tumor and skip metastases.
Modulation of m2 type pyruvate kinase activity by the cytoplasmic pml tumor suppressor protein.
Inhibition of tumor specific angiogenesis by amentoflavone.
Prognostic value of cd25 expression on lymphocytes and tumor cells in squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Fever as the main presenting symptom of a carotid body tumor.
Invariant natural killer t cells in immune surveillance and tumor immunotherapy perspectives and potentialsysms.
Plk1 activation by ste20 like kinase slk phosphorylation and polo box phosphopeptide binding assayed with the substrate translationally controlled tumor protein tctp.
Latrunculin a and its c 17 o carbamates inhibit prostate tumor cell invasion and hif 1 activation in breast tumor cells.
Serum concentrations of interleukin il 1alpha 1beta 6 and tumor necrosis factor tnf alpha in patients with thyroid eye disease ted.
Cutaneous melanocytoneuroma the first case of a distinctive intraneural tumor with dual nerve sheath and melanocytic differentiation.
Inflammatory myofibroblastic tumor of the lung unusual presentation.
Zoledronic acid modulates antitumoral responses of prostate cancer tumor associated macrophages.
Serum immunoglobulin fused interferon alpha inhibited tumor growth in athymic mice bearing colon 26 adenocarcinoma cells.
Intracranial peripheral type primitive neuroectodermal tumor.
Low dose radiation induces adaptive response in normal cells but not in tumor cells in vitro and in vivo studies.
Translation inhibitor pdcd4 is targeted for degradation during tumor promotion.
Tumor volume changes after radiosurgery for vestibular schwannoma implications for follow up mr imaging protocol.
Contractile forces in tumor cell migration.
Treatment of transforming growth factor beta insensitive mouse renca tumor by transforming growth factor beta elimination.
Immediate renal tumor involution after radiofrequency thermal ablation.
Celiac trunk thrombosis and splenic infarction during chemotherapy for a testicular germ cell tumor.
Anca associated renal vasculitis following anti tumor necrosis factor alpha therapy.
Carbonic anhydrase activators activation of the human tumor associated isozymes ix and xii with amino acids and amines.
Synthesis and sar of 1 acetanilide 4 aminopyrazole substituted quinazolines selective inhibitors of aurora b kinase with potent anti tumor activity.
Induction of apoptosis of human tumor cells by hybrid liposomes including docosahexaenoic acid.
A phase ii trial of brachytherapy alone after lumpectomy for select breast cancer tumor control and survival outcomes of rtog 95 17.
Fibro osseous pseudotumor of the digits a rare tumor in an unusual location.
Berberine enhances inhibition of glioma tumor cell migration and invasiveness mediated by arsenic trioxide.
Secondary mutations in the kinase domain of the kit gene are predominant in imatinib resistant gastrointestinal stromal tumor.
Tumor derived tumor necrosis factor alpha promotes progression and epithelial mesenchymal transition in renal cell carcinoma cells.
Cell death inducing monoclonal antibodies raised against dt40 tumor cells identification of chicken transferrin receptor as a novel cell death receptor.
Production and characterization of highly tumor specific rat monoclonal antibodies recognizing the extracellular domain of human l type amino acid transporter 1.
Susceptibility to burkholderia pseudomallei is associated with host immune responses involving tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 tnfr1 and tnf receptor 2 tnfr2.
Ultrastructural changes nuclear factor kappab activation and tumor necrosis factor alpha expression in brain after acute normovolemic hemodilution and controlled hypotension in rats.
Treatment of high risk relapsed wilms tumor with dose intensive chemotherapy marrow ablative chemotherapy and autologous hematopoietic stem cell support experience by the italian association of pediatric hematology and oncology.
Modular transporters for subcellular cell specific targeting of anti tumor drugs.
Involvement of protein kinase c and not of nfkappab in the modulation of macrophage nitric oxide synthase by tumor derived phosphatidyl serine.
Wilms tumor gene wt1 shrna as a potent apoptosis inducing agent for solid tumors.
Anti tumor effect of pegylated interferon in the rat hepatocarcinogenesis model.
Inhibition of t cell and natural killer cell function by adenosine and its contribution to immune evasion by tumor cells review.
Genetically engineered t cells expressing a her2 specific chimeric receptor mediate antigen specific tumor regression.
A case of intrathoracic giant malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor in neurofibromatosis type i von recklinghausen disease.
Severely calcified constrictive pericarditis simulating a mediastinal tumor and obstructing the right ventricular inflow tract.
Somatostatin receptor in human hepatocellular carcinomas biological patient and tumor characteristics.
Aip1 recruits phosphatase pp2a to ask1 in tumor necrosis factor induced ask1 jnk activation.
Vaccination of a melanoma patient with mature dendritic cells pulsed with mage 3 peptides triggers the activity of nonvaccine anti tumor cells.
Glycosylation dependent interactions of c type lectin dc sign with colorectal tumor associated lewis glycans impair the function and differentiation of monocyte derived dendritic cells.
Regulation of arterial venous differences in tumor necrosis factor responsiveness of endothelial cells by anatomic context.
Immunogenicity of human mesenchymal stem cells in hla class i restricted t cell responses against viral or tumor associated antigens.
Epidermal growth factor plays a crucial role in mitogenic regulation of human brain tumor stem cells.
Antitumor activity and tumor localization of liposomal glucocorticoids in b16 melanoma bearing mice.
Intratumoral lymphatics and lymphatic invasion are associated with tumor aggressiveness and poor prognosis in renal cell carcinoma.
Follicular dendritic cell tumor of the spleen associated with diffuse large b cell lymphoma.
A remnant cystic duct cancer presenting as a duodenal submucosal tumor.
Thalidomide attenuates tumor growth and preserves fast twitch skeletal muscle fibers in cholangiocarcinoma rats.
Removal of renal cell carcinoma and thrombectomy with intraatrial tumor without cardiopulmonary bypass.
Manganese superoxide dismutase gene dosage affects chromosomal instability and tumor onset in a mouse model of t cell lymphoma.
Insight into the apoptosis inducing action of alpha bisabolol towards malignant tumor cells involvement of lipid rafts and bid.
Synaptosides a and a1 triterpene glycosides from the sea cucumber synapta maculata containing 3 o methylglucuronic acid and their cytotoxic activity against tumor cells.
Breast tumor microenvironment proteomics highlights the treatments targeting secretome.
Splenic tumor presenting as pyrexia of unknown origin.
Tumor specific nano entities for optical detection and hyperthermic treatment of breast cancer.
Activity of drug efflux transporters in tumor cells under hypoxic conditions.
Strikingly high respiratory quotients a further characteristic of the tumor pathophysiome.
Tumor associated macrophages correlate with vascular space invasion and myometrial invasion in endometrial carcinoma.
Association of the membrane estrogen receptor gpr30 with breast tumor metastasis and transactivation of the epidermal growth factor receptor.
Influence of local tumor control on distant metastases and cancer related mortality after external beam radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
Phase i clinical evaluation of carboplatin in tumor bearing cats a veterinary cooperative oncology group study.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha polymorphisms in ulcerative colitis associated colorectal cancer.
In vivo tumor secretion probing via ultrafiltration and tissue chamber implication for anti cancer drugs targeting secretome.
Targeted tumor diagnosis and therapy with peptide hormones as radiopharmaceuticals.
Decreased expression of runx3 is correlated with tumor progression and poor prognosis in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Expression and cellular localization of tsc 22 in normal salivary glands and salivary gland tumors implications for tumor cell differentiation.
A ginseng saponin metabolite suppresses tumor necrosis factor alpha promoted metastasis by suppressing nuclear factor kappab signaling in murine colon cancer cells.
Plasmidic cpg sequences induce tumor microenvironment modifications in a rat liver metastasis model.
A bioreactor model of mouse tumor progression.
Nk resistance of tumor cells from multiple myeloma and chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients implication of hla g.
Highlighting the role of fdg pet scan in early response assessment of gastrointestinal stromal tumor treated with imatinib mesylate.
Costal brown tumor detected by dual phase parathyroid imaging and spect ct in primary hyperparathyroidism.
Imaging characteristics of atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor in children compared with medulloblastoma.
Malignant pineal germ cell tumors an analysis of cases from three tumor registries.
Dynamic small animal pet imaging of tumor proliferation with 3 deoxy 3 18f fluorothymidine in a genetically engineered mouse model of high grade gliomas.
Mutation of dna primase causes extensive apoptosis of retinal neurons through the activation of dna damage checkpoint and tumor suppressor p53.
The relationship between tumor cell differentiation and age at diagnosis in retinoblastoma.
Predictive value of ki67 and p53 in locally advanced rectal cancer correlation with thymidylate synthase and histopathological tumor regression after neoadjuvant 5 fu based chemoradiotherapy.
Imprinted tumor suppressor genes arhi and peg3 are the most frequently down regulated in human ovarian cancers by loss of heterozygosity and promoter methylation.
Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor molecular pathogenesis and current management considerations.
Matrix metalloproteinases stimulate epithelial mesenchymal transition during tumor development.
